# Font settings
font-family = "MonaspiceAr Nerd Font"
font-feature = calt
font-feature = -liga
font-feature = -dlig
adjust-cell-width = -1
adjust-cell-height = 7
adjust-underline-position = 7
adjust-cursor-thickness = 200%

# Window settings
theme = Monokai Pro
window-padding-x = 11
window-padding-y = 0
window-new-tab-position = end
cursor-style-blink = true

# Keybindings
keybind = ctrl+h=goto_split:left
keybind = ctrl+j=goto_split:bottom
keybind = ctrl+k=goto_split:top
keybind = ctrl+l=goto_split:right

keybind = ctrl+n=goto_split:left
keybind = ctrl+e=goto_split:bottom
keybind = ctrl+i=goto_split:top
keybind = ctrl+o=goto_split:right

keybind = ctrl+z=toggle_split_zoom
keybind = ctrl+shift+r=reload_config
keybind = global:alt+`=toggle_quick_terminal

# OS settings
auto-update = download
macos-titlebar-style = hidden
shell-integration-features = no-cursor,no-sudo,title
quick-terminal-position = bottom
